(sirens blaring)
(upbeat music)
♪ We are young ♪
♪ Heartache to heartache ♪
♪ We stand ♪
♪ No promises ♪
♪ No demands ♪
♪ Love is a battlefield ♪
♪ Love is a battlefield, whoa ♪
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa ♪
♪ We are strong ♪
- You leave this house now!
♪ No one can tell us we're wrong ♪
- You can just forget about coming back!
♪ Searching our hearts for so long ♪
♪ Both of us knowing ♪
♪ Love is a battlefield ♪
(upbeat music continues)
(siren blares)
(horn honks)
♪ You're making me go ♪
♪ Then making me stay ♪
♪ Why do you hurt me so bad ♪
♪ It would help me to know ♪
♪ Do I stand in your way ♪
♪ Or am I the best thing you've had ♪
♪ Believe me, believe me ♪
♪ I can't tell you why ♪
♪ But I'm trapped by your love ♪
♪ And I'm chained to your side ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ We are young ♪
♪ Heartache to heartache, we stand ♪
♪ No promises, no demands ♪
♪ Love is a battlefield ♪
(artists vocalizing)
♪ We are strong ♪
♪ No one can tell us we're wrong ♪
♪ Searching our hearts for so long ♪
♪ Both of us knowing ♪
♪ Love is a battlefield ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ When I'm losing control ♪
♪ Will you turn me away ♪
♪ Or touch me deep inside ♪
♪ And when all this gets old ♪
♪ Will it still feel the same ♪
♪ There's no way this will die ♪
- Leave me alone!
♪ But if we get much closer ♪
♪ I could lose control ♪
♪ And if your heart surrenders ♪
♪ You'll need me to hold ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ We are young ♪
♪ Heartache to heartache, we stand ♪
♪ No promises, no demands ♪
♪ Love is a battlefield ♪
(liquid splashes)
(artists vocalizing)
♪ We are strong ♪
♪ No one can tell us we're wrong ♪
♪ Searching our hearts for so long ♪
♪ Both of us knowing ♪
♪ Love is a battlefield ♪
(upbeat music continues)
(people whistling)
(upbeat music intensifies)
(engine hums)
(upbeat music softens)